README.md, before:

<!-- 🌟 Animated Header -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=FF69B4&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Hi+there!+👋+I'm+Monika+Mali;Full+Stack+Developer+💻+|+Software+Developer;Exploring+AI+and+Modern+Web+Tech!" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 About Me  
🎓 B.Tech in *Information Technology* | 💻 Passionate Full Stack Developer | 🌱 Lifelong Learner  

- 🔭 Currently working on *MERN Stack + AI-powered web apps*  
- 🌱 Exploring *Spring Boot*, *Cloud Deployment*, and *AI Integrations*  
- 💬 Ask me about *React.js, Node.js, Java, Databases, or Python*  
- 👯 Open to collaborating on *Open Source & Innovative Web Projects*  
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love turning creative ideas into interactive digital experiences 🎨  

---

## 📫 Connect with Me  
<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:monikamali8263@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/monika-mali0409/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Monika0409"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://portfolio-mali-monikas-projects.vercel.app/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF69B4?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SpringBoot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

## 📌 Featured Projects  

<details>
  <summary>🎓 <b>SkillHub – Ed-Tech Platform</b></summary>
  A full-stack learning platform built using *MERN stack*, featuring user authentication, course creation, and progress tracking.  
  🔗 [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Monika0409/LMS_FullStack)
</details>

<details>
  <summary>💬 <b>ChatBotX – AI-Powered Chat App</b></summary>
  Real-time chat application integrated with *Google Gemini AI* using MERN stack.  
  🔗 [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Monika0409/Chat_App)
</details>

<details>
  <summary>⌨️ <b>Master Typing – Python Desktop App</b></summary>
  Typing practice app built with Python and Tkinter. Includes speed tracking and progress visualization.  
  🔗 [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Monika0409/python_project)
</details>

<details>
  <summary>🌐 <b>Portfolio Website</b></summary>
  Personal portfolio showcasing my projects, skills, and achievements.  
  🔗 [Live Portfolio](https://portfolio-mali-monikas-projects.vercel.app/)
</details>

---

## 🏆 GitHub Achievements  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Monika0409&theme=dracula&no-frame=true&row=1&column=6" />
</p>

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Monika0409&show_icons=true&theme=dracula" height="180em" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Monika0409&layout=compact&theme=dracula" height="180em" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Monika0409&theme=dracula" height="180em" />
</p>

---

## 👀 Visitors  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Monika0409&style=for-the-badge&color=blueviolet" />
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README with new skills and internship info
Updated personal information and internship details in README.

README.md, after:

<!-- 🌟 Animated Header -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=FF69B4&center=true&vCenter=true&width=800&lines=Hi+there!+👋+I'm+Monika+Mali;Full+Stack+Developer+💻+|+Software+Developer;Exploring+AI+and+Modern+Web+Tech!" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

---

## 🚀 About Me  
🎓 B.Tech in *Information Technology* | 💻 Passionate Full Stack Developer | 💻 Software Developer |🌱 Lifelong Learner  

- 💻 Passionate about building dynamic and user-focused web applications using the **MERN stack**.  
- 🌱 Currently enhancing my skills in *Backend Development*, *Spring Boot*, and *AI integration*.  
- 🧠 Interested in combining technology and creativity to craft impactful digital solutions.  
- 👯 Open to *internships* and collaborating on *Open Source & Innovative Web Projects*.  
- 💬 Love exploring *React.js, Node.js, Java, Python,* and *modern web technologies*.
- 💬 Always excited to discuss *Web Development, UI/UX, APIs,* and *real-world tech solutions*.  
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy transforming complex ideas into simple and interactive user experiences 🎨   

---

## 💼 Internship  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/external-flatart-icons-flat-flatarticons/64/null/external-healthcare-healthcare-and-medical-flatart-icons-flat-flatarticons.png" width="80"/>
</p>

### 🩺 Frontend Developer Intern @ **Therayu**  
🗓️ *May 2025 – October 2025*  
🌐 A digital healthcare platform integrating **Ayurveda, Physiotherapy, and Yoga**  

- Built responsive UI components with **React.js**, **Tailwind CSS**, and **JavaScript**  
- Worked on optimizing UI/UX for smooth cross-browser performance  
- Collaborated with backend team to integrate APIs and improve platform scalability  

---

## 📫 Connect with Me  
<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:monikamali8263@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/monika-mali0409/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Monika0409"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://portfolio-mali-monikas-projects.vercel.app/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF69B4?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SpringBoot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=springboot&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

## 📌 Featured Projects  

<details>
  <summary>🎓 <b>SkillHub – Ed-Tech Platform</b></summary>
  A full-stack learning platform built using *MERN stack*, featuring user authentication, course creation, and progress tracking.  
  🔗 [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Monika0409/LMS_FullStack)
</details>

<details>
  <summary>💬 <b>ChatBotX – AI-Powered Chat App</b></summary>
  Real-time chat application integrated with *Google Gemini AI* using MERN stack.  
  🔗 [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Monika0409/Chat_App)
</details>

<details>
  <summary>⌨️ <b>Master Typing – Python Desktop App</b></summary>
  Typing practice app built with Python and Tkinter. Includes speed tracking and progress visualization.  
  🔗 [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Monika0409/python_project)
</details>

<details>
  <summary>🌐 <b>Portfolio Website</b></summary>
  Personal portfolio showcasing my projects, skills, and achievements.  
  🔗 [Live Portfolio](https://portfolio-mali-monikas-projects.vercel.app/)
</details>

---

## 🏆 GitHub Achievements  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Monika0409&theme=dracula&no-frame=true&row=1&column=6" />
</p>

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Monika0409&show_icons=true&theme=dracula" height="180em" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Monika0409&layout=compact&theme=dracula" height="180em" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Monika0409&theme=dracula" height="180em" />
</p>

---

## 👀 Visitors  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Monika0409&style=for-the-badge&color=blueviolet" />
</p>
